thank you okay
this is the core applications that
weekly sync December 2nd 2019 we are not
recording okay to start off with
upcoming and shipped releases Alan do
you have any updates well yes I do
just earlier today we shipped the JSI
PFS 340 release a lot of good stuff in
there including a new migration tool I
have told people about this many times
please go and read the blog post it is
linked in the notes there's a little
good stuff in there and Alex released a
bug fix for 0:39
which stopped people from accessing
their repo so that is now fixed as well
yesterday ok that testing infra process
do they have any one I guess I can get
this update I at the moment the test
ground daemon is currently in progress
jesminder daemon is a certainly side
Damon did controls restructure the idea
here is that we couldn't intervene
statement with test ground and with like
yes and then github hey I want you just
add some github pod so hey what test
this thing per se this test ground game
it would them responsible for receiving
this certification and spinning up which
has brought we also still have work on
like network controls in progress and a
bunch of cleanups I'm not sure what the
state of the UI is and we can't have you
been working on that and run trouser Jim
do you have any other updates I'm going
to be starting working on connectivity
test but yeah
what we're doing with the UI stuff so
we'll discuss that in Tuesday tomorrow I
had the two things Steven that needed to
exist in order to start writing DHT
tests merged in to the test ground if
I'm vertically it was being able to have
different versions and being able to do
network do we have an owner for those
that's not you know we need an owner for
both versions the network controls are
like almost there yeah but last week was
hectic with holidays yes Ellen
what does not full versions mean
multiple versions of go active s both of
ours is a good with has multi can
potentially like versions of go away in
JavaScript or that's what in this case
July got the HD support like if the
basic idea has been lost to run multiple
containers at the same time this
requires some design discussion
unfortunately we think we know how to do
this but they get vomit reveal it
probably won't get here but our so we
have some same time which raisin
okay yeah subdomain gateway just just
just a super quick update Oh updates
from any person but with the latest Jess
activist release the Talon nation we now
have support for by 32 identifiers on
the IP NS box that includes both CID be
zero converted to CID be one with like
dark be multicolored and the one with
the proper okay uh let's see I think it
go as well
tracking issue yeah in case anyone's
interested in the progress of this
that's the tracking issue bunch of ran
up the arse
yeah okay next up is you're basically
it's still on hold but hopefully it'll
start again soon okay i i'm p NS another
round at the sort of IPS value store PR
so that's ready for review and Hugo and
I did some talking and that's tariqa
about the akina's over dns spec that to
look like um I'm currently assuming this
is lower priority but if you want to at
least make landing the spec a higher
priority that's cool too but need need
some feedback there do you know anything
I missed
no
a performance yeah so working on arias
be ours
our database first or it's Inc Rinna's
rights which will in turn make our stuff
a lot faster there are a whole bunch of
PRS there there have been some
discoveries along the way like some like
leveldb was asynchronous the whole time
if you were reusing it which might
explain some of the performance
differences and just sort of updating
our tests and removing GX and the
various data stores as I'm crawling
through them I just have to do flat if s
is the only one left so should hopefully
get this done soon so I've open POS for
paralyzing the import of files into
Joseph's EFS and yes it's kind of like
it's really good it's got about 50%
faster so it paralyzes in two places
like the first the first one is like the
other you have a file pipeline and say
the file comes in
we chunk here we write in to the data
store I will create Doug and I'm not
into the data store and then we create
the tree structure of the directory that
we're important to previously that all
just kind of went in one go so now we
can paralyze on the file input so
extremophiles comes in and we can fan
out on the files and then the when we
start chunking we can also find out
feature individual file on the channels
and then we found back in where we start
writing the tree the final directory
tree the reason that we have these two
different points of which we found out
to say that if we're importing one by
foreign 14 lots of small files that
typically are smaller than the trunk
photos so if the father is under 200
kilobytes there's no point trying to fan
out chunking because only other one
chunk so you want to be able to fan out
at the follow so you can protest lots of
files of one channel small amount of
chunks each
conversely if you've got one file that's
enormous then you want to you want to
fan out other chunking
stage and not at the file stage so
there's two new parameters that are
exposed don't you control that chunk
invader
and for their in like lots of small
files it's basically photos and frost
now if you're doing one file that's big
it's also fast and the flipside of
course is that you can also make it
slower by having no enough junk it's
pretty cool
anyone got any questions about
do you have some stats yes
the only issue I can kind of link it oh
yeah I see I see
I didn't see that you replied to my
question before yeah they were in the
pull request if people are interested
that's awesome picks up beer 12 updates
or so you know but a gracious double -
jeez how long do you have any a bit seer
or was it blocked on that is on hold
currently I not gonna have time this
quarter to look at it okay
it's what dates dark hey yeah it's a
contest ground and doing some reviews on
verdicts making some good progress this
week you know we're gonna meet up and
work okay all right it's a good way
tracker I guess I'll kick it off if V
yeah so we've got sekai OS done and
integrated we're at the point right now
where we're just working on lip ptb core
so we've finished up a lot of the
internal module refactor circuit really
a DHT peering content routing are
converted over we're currently working
on switching over the the dialer which
is Cubase and to a dope convey styler so
that we can fix the per pair
parallelization of dials currently
that's all serial so we're getting that
out and then flush fuzz working on
upgrading the PDP daemon and interrupt
tests so we can verify that's all
working before we do a pre release which
we are targeting for this week once we
have the pre-release of the PDP will
start integrate that into jeaious ipfs
and then are working on all of the
issues that come up there and but have
questions
yeah I'm just wondering about the token
is that something that would be useful
so go liberty Pete does use like a token
a styler but they do it based on like
file descriptors like JavaScript we do
in the browser we don't have file
descriptors so they're kind of like
arbitrary um but it's a similar system
okay that's anyone haven't designed
people as altering like that I think
that Jess issued clients sorry I was
just laying the tracks in the JSF s
httpclient
I've got a second to quickly explain it
it removes notes dreams and pull strings
in favor of async iterables as per
hopefully everywhere in the BTB and all
that ruins callbacks and it removes pier
and foam here ID dependencies in favor
of just sending back objects with C IDs
which removes a whole wave of crypto
libraries that are basically not used in
the client and so now now this bundle
size is 92.7 K down from 246 K so that's
a significant saving but it's still huge
so still work to do but that PR is not
finished yet but that will hopefully
become the new API that's used one so it
will it depends on the interface RFS
core and changes that I'm doing to to
bubble up the async iterators and to the
api's and remove the add pool stream and
readable stream in favor of just a
single room was and all the docs will be
in there and sorted as well and once
once we have the HTTP client and the
interface tests all sorted then then we
can just do the same to jsr DFS and
hopefully you will see and some good
size improvements there and that will
hopefully coincide really nicely with
delivered Chesley PTP which is being pre
released as we got to kind of speak so
things are going well at the moment
okay awesome now him son few puzzles I
think the country posted those so far so
blockers asks we have to yeah I just
guess I had last week I did but Jess
I've if I said relicense to MIT and
Apache to if you haven't already then
please go and visit the sign off issue
in between then and now another pull
request was submitted to the HTTP client
to do the same thing if your name is on
that issue then also please check it out
and ticket or copy and paste the sign
off message so this is just to swap the
license to MIT or Apache just so that
people can choose at their leisure and
it means that we no longer require sign
off on uncommitted some things like that
and it's a follow suit with what go ipfs
did a while ago and is also the same
licensing scheme that's in use by file
calling so please have a look and sign
off on those if you haven't already ok
questions so in his question on Beverly
de ah it's a different library so I
guessing the answer to this is it
depends yeah I just wanna know what
we're doing you making sure that like if
we copy what we were doing and go
exactly into J s that we didn't also
copy the wrong things I think yes
there's your freezing a completely
different library so ok parking lot
[Music]
native discussions go
okay then I think that covers it for
this week please fill out your a sink
just it's like updates and then I will
be are this crap add to the it's later
see all good week thank you good bye
bye-bye